README.md, before:

# DevOps Assessment

## Prerequisites

* Java
* [Leiningen](http://leiningen.org/) (can be installed using `brew install leiningen`)

## Running tests

You can run the tests of all apps by using `make test`

## Building

First you need to ensure that the common libraries are installed: run `make libs` to install them to your local `~/.m2` repository. This will allow you to build the JARs.

To build all the JARs and generate the static tarball, run the `make clean all` command from this directory. The JARs and tarball will appear in the `build/` directory.

## Running

All the apps take environment variables to configure them

### Static assets

`cd` to `front-end/public` and run `./serve.py` (you need Python3 installed). This will serve the assets on port 8000.

### Front-end app

`java -jar build/front-end.jar`

*Environment variables*:

* `APP_PORT`: The port on which to run the app
* `STATIC_URL`: The URL on which to find the static assets (should be `http://localhost:8000` if you're using the `serve.py` app referenced above)
* `QUOTE_SERVICE_URL`: The URL on which to find the quote service
* `NEWSFEED_SERVICE_URL`: The URL on which to find the newsfeed service

### Quote service

`java -jar build/quotes.jar`

*Environment variables*

* `APP_PORT`: The port on which to run the app

### Newsfeed service

`java -jar build/newsfeed.jar`

*Environment variables*

* `APP_PORT`: The port on which to run the app

Commit message:

Add /ping URL for hooking into load balancers

README.md, after:

# DevOps Assessment

## Prerequisites

* Java
* [Leiningen](http://leiningen.org/) (can be installed using `brew install leiningen`)

## Running tests

You can run the tests of all apps by using `make test`

## Building

First you need to ensure that the common libraries are installed: run `make libs` to install them to your local `~/.m2` repository. This will allow you to build the JARs.

To build all the JARs and generate the static tarball, run the `make clean all` command from this directory. The JARs and tarball will appear in the `build/` directory.

## Running

All the apps take environment variables to configure them and expose the URL `/ping` which will just return a 200 response that you can use with e.g. a load balancer to check if the app is running.

### Static assets

`cd` to `front-end/public` and run `./serve.py` (you need Python3 installed). This will serve the assets on port 8000.

### Front-end app

`java -jar build/front-end.jar`

*Environment variables*:

* `APP_PORT`: The port on which to run the app
* `STATIC_URL`: The URL on which to find the static assets (should be `http://localhost:8000` if you're using the `serve.py` app referenced above)
* `QUOTE_SERVICE_URL`: The URL on which to find the quote service
* `NEWSFEED_SERVICE_URL`: The URL on which to find the newsfeed service

### Quote service

`java -jar build/quotes.jar`

*Environment variables*

* `APP_PORT`: The port on which to run the app

### Newsfeed service

`java -jar build/newsfeed.jar`

*Environment variables*

* `APP_PORT`: The port on which to run the app
